I was an addict for 25 years.
In and out of programs,
in and out of jail.
Since I was a kid,
that's what I knew,
and I didn't know that
there was a better positive way
that I could live my life.
When I was out running around
on the streets,
people would look at you
a different way.
If you're walking on one side
of the sidewalk,
they'll cross to the other side.
I was like,
"Why am I going to go get clean?
"Why am I going to go
through a program?
"Why am I gonna do this
when I'm always going to be
the same person?"
It's kind of hard for you
to try to step up to the plate
and, you know, change your life.
There is a problem
with addiction, right?
But if you turn
your back on them, right,
the problem
is still gonna be there.
But I think as a community,
if we all get together, right,
we can help each other one out.
Now that I'm
in long-term recovery,
it's been a blessing to me.
You know,
I've got my family back,
I've got my son back,
my aunt, my sister.
You know,
helping my community out,
it's meant the world to me
because I grew up in a community
that I took so much from,
you know, and now I work
in my community
where I was born and raised at
and helping my people out.